All right.
Welcome back.
So in the in the last lesson, we created a generic creed repository and then we re-implemented the
ability to save a person by using our new generic creed repository.
So in this lesson, let's just keep going, and let's hit this next method here in the list, which
is find my ID.
So we're going to just jump right in and do this in the exact same way as before.
So we'll start by just copying this entire find by ID method here, and then we'll jump over to the
crud repository class.
And then I'm just going to kind of come down here, I suppose.
And paste that whole entire method.
All right.
And so now I just want to address the red, that's here.
So the first red bit is this right here, fine by ID sequel, which of course we do not have.
And how did we take care of this before?
So before we created an abstract method called Get Save sequel, so here I guess we'll extract a method
called find by IED sequel.
Let's try that and see.
OK, so get fined by IED sequel.
How did I case that?
OK, I guess I did it that way.
All right.
And then we'll let the IED create that.
And so now that this class is abstract, it gives us the option of creating an abstract method.
And so let's pick that one.
All right.
And yes, this will return a string.
And there we go.
So that was easy enough.
All right.
The other read that we've got is this reference to the extract person from results set.
And I actually think what we can do here is to simply make this a little more generic.
And instead of calling it extract person from results that will will create a method called extract
entity from results set, and we've already got it on the other class.
So we may be able to just reuse it almost as is.
So let's just do this.
I'm going to make a new method here, abstract, and it's going to return type T, right?
Because here this extract person from result said, is returning a person.
And we know that our person class is something of type T, generally speaking.
So let's see if this method just returns.
Tea extract entity from result set and it will take an input of a result set from Java sequel.
IRS will call it IRS and it's abstract so we won't provide a body will just close that off with a semicolon
like so.
And then I will just copy this method name and replace this right there.
All right.
Let's see now what is it not happy with?
Oh, OK.
And so now it's not happy because our new abstract method is declared as returning something of type
T.
But currently this method is expecting something of actual type person.
So let's change this to t like so and that error went away immediately.
Let's also rename this variable to entity just to make it more generic.
So do a shift F6 and then into is the new name.
All right.
And then we've got squiggly red marks down here.
And let's see what is this not happy with?
OK.
And this isn't happy with our defined return type because this method is currently defined as returning
an optional of a person.
So let's change that to a T also.
And voila, that red squiggly went away.
OK.
So I think that's looking pretty OK so far.
Now let's analyze if we need to templates anything else here.
So here we are, creating our prepared statement, and then we need to bind the ID to a parameter in
the statement.
So here's one thing to consider now.
If we leave this, as is which we could do, then that means that the sequel that we return from this
abstract method here has to make sure that it defines at least one parameter and that the first parameter
that it defines is meant to be bound to this idea.
OK.
So if we want to leave this hardcoded like it is, which I think we could get away with, we just have
to ensure that this sequel implements that expectation.
Now, one thing we may want to consider doing, especially if this crud repository class was meant to
be reused by other people other than just you is.
We might want to put a Java doc on this method to kind of explicitly state that that is the expectation
here.
So what we can do is just do a forward slash star star and then hit enter or return.
And then we can comment this method and state that expectation.
So we could put a comment right here that says what the return type is returns a string that represents
the sequel needed to retrieve one.
Entity.
The entity.
The sequel must contain one sequel parameter, i.e., question mark.
That will bind to the entities.
I'd.
All right.
So now let's jump back over to the person repository, people repository, sorry.
All right, now we've got the red squiggly again because we've got more abstract methods that need to
be implemented.
All right.
So I'm going to put my cursor right here, make a couple of lines to a control.
Oh, and all right.
And so it is now giving us three methods that need to be implemented.
So I'm going to select these two now.
Notice them skipping the save, because that's just saying that we could override that save method if
we wanted to.
So we don't want to override the save method that we are inheriting, right?
That's doing all the work for us.
But we do need to implement these two right here and notice because these have to be overridden.
They are visually a little bit different with these two little side things there from this guy here
who can optionally be overridden but doesn't have to be OK.
So anyway, click OK.
All right.
So now we need to implement this.
So I think the way we will do this is think I'm just going to copy all of this first.
And paste it, where where am I right here and paste it, right?
Oops, right here.
Like so all right now I'm getting errors, and I think I know why.
It's because I erroneously declared I defined this inherited abstract method without specifying that
it needed to throw the sequel exception.
So let me jump back over to the credit repository and find the abstract version of this guy.
Yeah, and let's just declare that throws a sequel exception should have had that there.
OK?
And now jump back into the people repository and do the same thing here as well.
Throws a sequel exception.
And now that's all happy.
And then what I think we can do now is get rid of this version here.
Some to just get rid of it.
And now, as soon as I do that, I get a red error right here, though.
And that's OK.
I will simply rename this.
So now we'll just call the new one, which is really the original one with a new name entity.
Yup.
And then we've got another error right here.
Same thing, although this one's about to go bye bye anyway, because this is defined by the method
that we are re implementing in a more generic way entity.
But I'll make it happy for now.
OK.
I think that's all that we needed there.
And now let's implement this fine by Get Fined by ID sequel.
So instead of returning a null, this should return the find by IDs sequel.
Right?
And now I think we may be ready to just comment this original fine by ID method out.
That might be all we need.
So again, let's jump over to the test and just run the mall and see what happens.
Look at that.
They all work.
So I think we are good.
According to the tests, at least we are.
So with that being said, I'm now going to delete that fine by ID method.
And now we're just using the inherited one instead.
All right.
So another credit method defined by ID crossed off our list.
So in the next lesson, we'll go to the next one, which is find all.
See you there.